* Purpose of site: To build a community of artists who want to display their artworks. This promotes local artists and encourages user to contact them if they would like to purchase any work.
* Changes made from A2:
o Changed ArtByYou in nav bar to index.php which was missed in A2 
o Ensured all navigation were working properly* Description of each template and how it was adapted from the Bootstrap templates:o Index.php: Adapted from the index.html bootstrap template to display the homepage of the sight along with the purpose. Modified the template according to the instructions to better suit the purpose of the website where it is updated from About table from the database.o About.php: Adapted from about.html bootstrap template, to display the background information of the website. Modified the template according to the instructions to better suit the purpose of the website where it is updated from About table from the database.o Artists.php: Adapted from the about.html template to display the artists contributing. Modified the template according to the instructions to better suit the purpose of the website. Dynamically updates artist information from artists table in the database.o Collections.php: Adapted card template from index.html to display the themes and collections of the artists’ work. Modified the template according to the instructions to better suit the purpose of the website. Displays all the available themes from themes table in the database.
o theme.php: Displays the artworks of the relevant theme selected by the user using GET and Artists, Artwork and themes table from the database using the adapted card template from index.html.
o aboutArtist.php: Displays relevant works of the artists selected from theme.php and artists.php from the tables in the database using the card templates from index.html and about.html.
o post.php: Writes to the the artwork table in the database to post a new artwork to the site, adapted from contact.html bootstrap template.o Signin.php: Adapted from the contact.html bootstrap template to allow users to sign in using their username and password. * References:Modern business - full website template for bootstrap 5. Full Website Template for Bootstrap 5 - Start Bootstrap. (n.d.). Retrieved January 30, 2023, from https://startbootstrap.com/template/modern-business 
Microsoft images - images used are from Microsoft images provided in the presentations.
Lorem Ipsum Generator. (n.d.). Retrieved February 27, 2023, from https://www.lipsum.com/.
